Let's see how we can modify the structure of a table after it has been created.
In the Orders Table,
one important piece of information is missing.
We do not know who placed this order.
Let's add the customer information to the order table.
We need to add two columns;
one for the name and one for the address of the customer.
To modify a table,
we'll use the alter table statement.
The alter table is followed by the table name that we want to
modify and the modification that we want to do,
which is, we want to add a column in this case followed by the column name.
I'm going to add the name column first.
I'm going to call it customer name.
Then, we need to specify the data type and if there are any constraints.
I want to specify the length as 255 characters and
the constraint I'm just going to set it as null.
All right. Now that column got added.
Let's go ahead and add the address column as well.
Instead of customer name,
I'm going to call it as customer address,
and since address could be longer.
I'm just going to double the size to 510 characters.
I'm keeping the constraints the same.
Let's add this column.
Now let's see whether the Orders Table has been modified.
It is. You can see the newly added customer name and customer address columns here.
That's how you alter the definition of a table after it has been created.